docs/portfolio/30-day-mapping-challenge-2019.markdown, before:

---
layout: post
title:  "30 Day Mapping Challenge 2019"
date:   2019-12-01 01:16:59 +0000
permalink: /portfolio/30-day-mapping-challenge-2019/
---

Mapping challenge to create a map every day in November.

![All 30 days.](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_all_30.png)
![Day 1 Points](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day1_point.png)
![Day 2 Lines](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day2_lines.png)
![Day 3 Polygons](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day3_polygon.png)
![Day 4 Hexagons](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day4_hex.png)
![Day 5 Rasters](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day5_raster.png)
![Day 6 Blue](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day6_blue.png)
![Day 7 Red](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day7_red.png)
![Day 8 Green](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day8_green.png)
![Day 9 Yellow](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day9_yellow.png)
![Day 10 Black and White](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day10_black_and_white.png)
![Day 11 Elevation](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day11_elevation.png)
![Day 12 Movement](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day12_movement.gif)
![Day 13 Tracks](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day13_tracks.png)
![Day 14 Boundaries](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day14_boundaries.png)
![Day 15 Names](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day15_names.png)
![Day 16 Tracks](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day16_places_new.png)
![Day 17 Zones](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day17_zones.png)
![Day 18 Globe](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day18_globe.png)
![Day 19 Urban](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day19_urban.png)
![Day 20 Rural](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day20_rural.png)
![Day 21 Environment](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day21_environment.png)
![Day 22 Built Environment](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day22.png)
![Day 23 Population](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day23_population.png)
![Day 24 Statistics](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day24_statistics.png)
![Day 25 Climate](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day25_climate.png)
![Day 26 Hydrology](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day26_hydrology.png)
![Day 27 Resources](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day27_resources.png)
![Day 28 Funny](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day28_funny.png)
![Day 29 Experimental](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day30_experimental.gif)
![Day 30 Home](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day30.PNG)

[Read more.](https://gisforthought.com/30-day-map-challenge-2019/)

Commit message:

Create 30 day map challenege 2021 all maps page

docs/portfolio/30-day-mapping-challenge-2019.markdown, after:

---
layout: post
title:  "30 Day Mapping Challenge 2019"
date:   2019-12-01 01:16:59 +0000
permalink: /portfolio/30-day-mapping-challenge-2019/
---

Mapping challenge to create a map every day in November.

Mapping challenge to create a map every day in November.

![All 30 days.](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_all_30.png)
![Day 1 Points](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day1_point.png)
![Day 2 Lines](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day2_lines.png)
![Day 3 Polygons](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day3_polygon.png)
![Day 4 Hexagons](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day4_hex.png)
![Day 5 Rasters](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day5_raster.png)
![Day 6 Blue](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day6_blue.png)
![Day 7 Red](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day7_red.png)
![Day 8 Green](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day8_green.png)
![Day 9 Yellow](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day9_yellow.png)
![Day 10 Black and White](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day10_black_and_white.png)
![Day 11 Elevation](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day11_elevation.png)
![Day 12 Movement](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day12_movement.gif)
![Day 13 Tracks](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day13_tracks.png)
![Day 14 Boundaries](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day14_boundaries.png)
![Day 15 Names](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day15_names.png)
![Day 16 Tracks](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day16_places_new.png)
![Day 17 Zones](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day17_zones.png)
![Day 18 Globe](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day18_globe.png)
![Day 19 Urban](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day19_urban.png)
![Day 20 Rural](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day20_rural.png)
![Day 21 Environment](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day21_environment.png)
![Day 22 Built Environment](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day22.png)
![Day 23 Population](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day23_population.png)
![Day 24 Statistics](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day24_statistics.png)
![Day 25 Climate](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day25_climate.png)
![Day 26 Hydrology](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day26_hydrology.png)
![Day 27 Resources](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day27_resources.png)
![Day 28 Funny](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day28_funny.png)
![Day 29 Experimental](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day30_experimental.gif)
![Day 30 Home](https://gisforthought.com/media/2020-02-24_day30.PNG)


[Read more.](https://gisforthought.com/30-day-map-challenge-2019/)
